Hi quitters ! I'm Matan and I'm the creator of an app: Smoke Breaker The app is pretty new and I need some feedback, I would hugely appreciate it if you'd install the app, use it for a bit and tell me what you think about it. Thanks for all the helpers and may you quit forever ! ps: there's a chat

feedback:

Aesthetically it looks nice and modern with the material design. But too many ads man. It's fine to keep one at the bottom but the full screen ads will turn people off and they'll just download one of the other free apps out there without ads, not purchase your pro edition.
I didn't find a way to input a previous quit date. Since I don't smoke anymore there's no appeal. With other apps I can put in a quit date and it will calculate everything from that point until today.

Hi - I downloaded and didn't get past the first screen because I couldn't put a quit date that's before today. All the features that quit smoking apps can offer are useful - health stats, encouragements, trackers of $ saved, days without smoking, cigarettes not smoked, toxins not put into body. All of that is important to me.
I'm currently 20 days in, but the apps I am trying have health stats showing my progress towards different health benchmarks. Some of those benchmarks are years away...and I can see what % I am towards reaching it.
Picking a day and quitting isn't the only hard thing. It's the day after day journey that is the hard part - and an app that can help provide support or stats or information to help me find the incentives to keep going is important. Seeing my progress is the other key piece - seeing I've not smoked more than 150 cigarettes and that the poisons I would've had in the last 3 weeks is enough to kill 7 rats and a donkey...that's some powerful information.
Good luck with your app development!!! Hope I've been able to help ;)

A few issues it's not so easy to go back to the main screen. At the beginning if you choose the weaning path there should be more questions so it can be more accurate it says for me 18 a day which I don't do. If more questions were at the beginning you could have it set up better for he person. Also instead of auto push notifications it should ask